[pl]Remeber to put your initials in square brackets at the start of each section

Title
Gavin, Finn, James

Elevator pitch
[JM]The game focusses on the main aspects of previous Assasins Creed games and expands upon them, by taking the city wide/continent wide feel
and amplifying it. Crossing the distance between stars is now a mere matter of hopping in an appropriate spaceship and travelling there.
Ship v ship battles are a part of the game, but only so that the enemy ship can be boarded and hand to hand combat can occur, tying in the
playstyle that Assasins Creed players are used to with the space-based setting. 
[gob] Protagonist tries to takedown current galactic government. Exploration of new planets to find
and eliminate current government leaders or cruel leaders. Liberating colonised planets and taking down
the government. 
...
World Background
[JM] The Order (of Assassins) has lasted for centuries and has prevailed through much strife over the many years of its existence.
Although somewhat diminished, still the Order stands and slays from the shadows in exchange for coin and for the sake of safeguarding, now not only Earth, but the Galaxy.
Instead of the robes, birds and blades linked with the franchise, this game has Intricately designed spacesuits complete with cowls and capes,
the birds are now scout drones and the blades are no longer merely iron, but have all form of tech attatched to make them more efficeint for different killing tasks.
Welcome back to the world of Assassins Creed, but not as you know it.
...
Pillars
[gob] Space Travel, futuristic vehicles and weapons, 
...
30 second gameplay description
[gob] Protagonist scales the outside of a space ship to infiltrate. enters using vents or through other means.

...
Features points
[gob] style and gameplay that assassins creed players enjoy on completely new environments.
[gob] new interesting and unique weapons and spaces to take the combat of the game to another level.
[gob] space travel and flight adding a new vehicle type then the typical sailing in the previous games.
...
Market analysis
[gob] similar games would include dead space, no mans sky, Far Cry Blood Dragon
[gob] typical customers would be assassins creed players. This game could also attract those players who are missin 
a dead space esque game that allows you to explore space ships and take down enemies within them. it 
would bring many brand new elements within the assassins creed franchise including new mechanics and interesting
new weapons and missions. 
